This product is a Time tracking application for the explicit use of West Michigan Refugee Education and Cultural Center. created 2014 by Chiperific.

==Last completed step:
5.6 Denied timoff = reviewed but not approved
* Add Weekday model for less assumptive building of _timesheet_form
* Timesheet#edit or #new - pressing cancel redirects to correct index view.
* If current_user.admin? => @timesheets_needing_review added to User#index && Timesheet#index::_auth_over_timesheet_table
* If current_user.has_authority_over.any? => @timesheets_from_user_auth_needing_review added to User#show

==Next steps:
5.7 Need views and routes for managing timeoff review and approval - [auth: over, auth: admin]
5.7.1 - from _auth_over_timesheet_table
5.7.2 - from users#index
5.7.3 

5.8 Implement ?auth=over triggers timesheet approval div
5.8.1 add reviewed and approved hidden fields
5.8.2 create hidden div with "now submit" msg
5.8.3 create form select tags for un/reviewed and un/approved (needs to be outside form_for?)
5.8.4 selecting approve automatically selects reviewed (if not selected)
5.8.5 select form tags triggers jquery which adds Time.now to aproval hidden field 

6. Page-by-page permissions. Check out CanCan

7. Timesheet approval (RU)
  a. Supervisors approve their directs.
  b. Admins can approve over supervisors or edit approvals
  c. salary needs to be portrayed into $/payperiod
  d. some sort of global variable for cotrolling weekly/biweekly payperiod (26 vs 52).
  e. user variable for cotrolling salary vs. hourly: pay_type: true = salary, false = hourly

8. Reports
8.1 http://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_querying.html#retrieving-multiple-objects

== Minor tweaks:
* Timesheet#update redirects to the timesheet#index for the user from the params. Maybe an issue?


==Keep in mind:
* http://weblog.jamisbuck.org/2006/10/18/skinny-controller-fat-model
* .hidden-xs - to hide data on small screens
* You have a datepicker: http://bootstrap-datepicker.readthedocs.org/en/release/index.html
* Rails knows week numbers: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4389395/how-do-i-get-a-date-from-a-week-number && http://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.1.2/libdoc/date/rdoc/Date.html#method-c-commercial


==Add-ons:
1. Progress bars:
    a. # of total hours you worked --> (categorize hours) --> updates progress bar 
<div class="progress">
  <div class="progress-bar progress-bar-success" role="progressbar" aria-valuenow="40" aria-valuemin="0" aria-valuemax="100" style="width: 40%">
    <span class="sr-only">40% Complete (success)</span>
  </div>
</div>

==Ongoing issues:
* Controllers are fat and messy...
* Instead of .each = use partial '', collection: @var, as: :var


== Setup configurations
* TimeZone => application.rb::WmreccTimesheet::config.time_zone
* Start of week => TimsheetHour::day_name && self.day_name
* Include Sat / Sun? = Manage Weekday model and table